Update README.md with deprecation warning (#46)
storybookjs/addon-postcss: README.md

> 🚨 DEPRECATED: This package in unmaintained and deprecated in favor of [`@storybook/addon-styling`](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-styling/tree/main)

Reviewer: We generally try to link to the integration catalog if we can.

```suggestion
🚨 DEPRECATED: This package in unmaintained and deprecated in favor of [`@storybook/addon-styling`](https://storybook.js.org/addons/@storybook/addon-styling/)
```
